README.md, before:

## PostgresOpen 2017 Web Site
This site is built by using the PG.EU static deployment tool. Packages that are needed on a Debian system include:
```
python
python-jinja2
python-dateutil
```

## Preparation
First create the target directory and clone this repo and the PG.EU one from https://git.postgresql.org/gitweb/?p=pgeu-website.git;a=summary
```
WORKDIR="/path/to/your/workdir"
cd "${WORKDIR}"
git clone https://github.com/PostgresOpen/pgopen2017.git
git clone https://git.postgresql.org/git/pgeu-website.git
mkdir 2017.postgresopen.org
```

Create your own context.override.json by copying the context.json and adjusting
the values as necessary.  For example:
```
cd "${WORKDIR}/pgopen2017/templates"
cp context.json context.override.json
vi context.override.json
```

In context.override.json there is:
```
"linkbase": "https://2017.postgresopen.org/",
```

For deploying locally, you could change that to:
```
"linkbase": "file:///path/to/your/workdir/2017.postgresopen.org/",
```
The same goes for 'mediabase'. Also add this line to context.override.json following the mediabase line:
```
"githash": "",
```
## Deployment
Finally, run the following to deploy:
```
cd "${WORKDIR}"
pgeu-website/tools/deploystatic/deploystatic.py $(pwd)/pgopen2017 $(pwd)/2017.postgresopen.org
```

The static website should be created into the 2017.postgresql.org directory.

Commit message:

Subsequent deployments need a fresh start
After the first deployment, subsequent ones need to clear
out the target dir because the deployment script will not
remove unneeded files. Add that to the instructions.

README.md, after:

## PostgresOpen 2017 Web Site
This site is built by using the PG.EU static deployment tool. Packages that are needed on a Debian system include:
```
python
python-jinja2
python-dateutil
```

## Preparation
First create the target directory and clone this repo and the PG.EU one from https://git.postgresql.org/gitweb/?p=pgeu-website.git;a=summary
```
WORKDIR="/path/to/your/workdir"
cd "${WORKDIR}"
git clone https://github.com/PostgresOpen/pgopen2017.git
git clone https://git.postgresql.org/git/pgeu-website.git
mkdir 2017.postgresopen.org
```

Create your own context.override.json by copying the context.json and adjusting
the values as necessary.  For example:
```
cd "${WORKDIR}/pgopen2017/templates"
cp context.json context.override.json
vi context.override.json
```

In context.override.json there is:
```
"linkbase": "https://2017.postgresopen.org/",
```

For deploying locally, you could change that to:
```
"linkbase": "file:///path/to/your/workdir/2017.postgresopen.org/",
```
The same goes for 'mediabase'. Also add this line to context.override.json following the mediabase line:
```
"githash": "",
```
## Deployment
Finally, run the following to deploy:
```
cd "${WORKDIR}"
# the next line not needed the first time deploying
rm -rf 2017.postgresopen.org/*
pgeu-website/tools/deploystatic/deploystatic.py $(pwd)/pgopen2017 $(pwd)/2017.postgresopen.org
```

The static website should be created into the 2017.postgresql.org directory.
